Extended the FAQ (#401)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/FAQ.md

`spark.sql.autoBroadcastJoinThreshold` after running `explain()` on a `DataFrame`, the resulting
query would not change to reflect that config and still show a `SortMergeJoin` even though the
new config might have changed to be a `BroadcastHashJoin` instead. When actually running something
like with `collect`, `show` or `write` a new `DataFrame` is constructed causing spark to re-plan the
query. This is why `spark.rapids.sql.enabled` is still respected when running, even if explain
shows stale results.

### What versions of Apache Spark does the RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark support?

The RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark requires version 3.0.0 of Apache Spark. Because the plugin
replaces parts of the physical plan that Apache Spark considers to be internal the code for those

> plans can change even between bug fix releases. As a part of our process we try to stay on top of

Reviewer: Nit. Comma after process

these changes and release updates as quickly as possible.

### Which distributions are supported?

The RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark officially supports
[Apache Spark](get-started/getting-started.md),
[Databricks Runtime 7.0](get-started/getting-started-with-rapids-accelerator-on-databricks.md)
and [Google Cloud Dataproc](get-started/getting-started-gcp.md).
Most distributions based off of Apache Spark 3.0.0 should work, but because the plugin replaces
parts of the physical plan that Apache Spark considers to be internal the code for those plans
can change from one distribution to another. We are working with most cloud service providers to
set up testing and validation on their distributions.

### What is the right hardware setup to run GPU accelerated Spark?

Reference Architectures should be available around Q4 2020.

### What CUDA versions are supported?

> CUDA 10.1 and 10.2 are currently supported, but you need to download the cudf jar that corresponds

Reviewer 2: Worth putting a link here, either to the cudf repository or the documentation that discusses how to download cudf?

to the version you are using.

### What parts of Apache Spark are accelerated?

> Currently, A limited set of SQL and DataFrame operations are supported, please see the

Reviewer: 'a limited set'

> Currently, A limited set of SQL and DataFrame operations are supported, please see the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently a limited set of SQL and DataFrame operations are supported, please see the
```

[configs](configs.md) for a more complete list of what is supported. Some of structured streaming

> is likely to be accelerated, but we have not been an area of focus right now. Other areas like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is likely to be accelerated, but it has not been an area of focus right now. Other areas like
```

MLLib, GraphX or RDDs are not accelerated.

### What is the road-map like?

> Please take a look at the github repository https://github.com/nvidia/spark-rapids The have issue

Reviewer: May need to reword this a bit

> Please take a look at the github repository https://github.com/nvidia/spark-rapids The have issue

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please take a look at the [github repository](https://github.com/nvidia/spark-rapids) which has issue
```

faster a query will run. In addition, Apache Spark can store intermediate data to disk and send it
across the network, both of which we typically see as bottlenecks in real world queries. Generally
for complicated queries where all the processing can run on the GPU we see between 3x and 7x
speedup, with a 4x speedup typical. We have seen as high as 100x in some specific cases.

### What operators are best suited for the GPU?

* Group by operations with high cardinality
* Joins with a high cardinality
* Sorts with a high cardinality
* Window operations, especially for large windows
* Complicated processing
* Writing Parquet/ORC
* Reading CSV
* Transcoding (reading an input file and doing minimal processing before writing it out again,
possibly in a different format, like CSV to parquet)

### Are there initialization costs?

From our tests the GPU typically takes about 2 to 3 seconds to initialize when an executor first
starts. If you are only going to run a single query that only takes a few seconds to run this can
be problematic. In general if you are going to do 30 seconds or more of processing within a single
session the overhead can be amortized.

> ### Why is the size of my output Parquet/Orc file different?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Why is the size of my output Parquet/ORC file different?
```

decide if an operation can safely be replaced by a GPU enabled version. We are working on some cost
based optimizations to try and improve performance for some situations where it might be more
efficient to stay on the CPU instead of going back and forth.

### Is Dynamic Partition Pruning (DPP) Supported?

Yes, DPP still works.  It might not be as efficient as it could be, and we are working to improve it.

### Is Adaptive Query Execution (AQE) Supported?

We are in the process of making sure AQE works. Some parts work now, but other parts require some
changes to the internals of Spark, that we are working with the community to be able to support.

### Are cache and persist supported?

Yes cache and persist are supported, but they are not GPU accelerated yet. We are working with
the Spark community on changes that would allow us to accelerate compression when caching data.

### Can I cache data into GPU memory?

No, that is not currently supported. It would require much larger changes to Apache Spark to be able
to support this.

### Is pyspark supported?

Yes

### Are the R APIs for Spark supported?

Yes, but we don't actively test them.

> ## Are the java APIs for Spark supported?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Are the Java APIs for Spark supported?
```

Yes, but we don't actively test them.

## Are the Scala APIs for Spark supported?

Yes

## Is the GPU needed on the driver?  Are there any benefits to having a GPU on the driver?

The GPU is not needed on the driver and there is no benefit to having one available on the driver
for the RAPIDS plugin.

## How does the performance compare to DataBricks' DeltaEngine?

We have not evaluated the performance yet. DeltaEngine is not open source, so any analysis needs to

> be done with Databricks in some form. When DeltaEngine is generally available if the terms of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
be done with Databricks in some form. When DeltaEngine is generally available and the terms of
```

> service allow it we will look into doing a comparison.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
service allow it, we will look into doing a comparison.
```

### How many tasks can I run per executor? How many should I run per executor?

There is no limit on the number of tasks per executor that you can run.  Generally we recommend 2 to
6 tasks per executor and 1 GPU per executor. The GPU typically benefits from having 2 tasks run

> in (parallel)[configs.md#sql.concurrentGpuTasks] on it at a time, assuming your GPU has enough

Reviewer 3: This link isn't rendering for some reason (the `parallel` one)
